# personalprojects
Hello there! This repository is a compilation of personal projects that I have done in various different programming languages, mainly in Python and MatLab. I will describe each code in detail here.

# TRIAD_Calculator_exported.m and JeffTRIAD.m 
This is the code for a calculator that performs the calculations for the Triaxial Attitude Determination method of attitude determination for Freeport High School's CubeSat Project. The calculations include the determination of the strength and direction of the Earth's magnetic field (lines 117 to 130), the position of the Sun relative to the Cubesat (lines 131 to 156), the attitude matrix of the CubeSat (lines 157 to 159), the theoretical vector from the CubeSat to the target (lines 160 to 183) and finally the calculations of the TRIAD Algorithm (lines 71 to 116) and the angle of the theoretical vector to the target versus the vector to the target based off the sensor data. This code also includes a GUI (lines 1 to 69 and 188 to 462) which is meant to make the input of desired targets, CubeSat locations, sensor errors, and dates easier in order to collect data more easily. For a more detailed explanation of the theoretical side of things please email me or reach out on LinkedIn to receive a copy of the research paper written about the code and the work done with the code. JeffTRIAD does the exact same thing without a GUI.
# cryptography.py
This was a little experiment to try to create an encryptor and decryptor in Python. It takes a user input to encrypt a certain string and then encrypts it. It then can decrypt it at the same time.
# TRIAD_WITH_GUI.py and TRIAD_Calculator.py
These programs serve the same purpose as TRIAD_Calculator_exported.m and JeffTriad.m but it was written in Python.
# encodertest2.py
This was created to learn more about functions and how they work. The main() function takes an input of a string and passes it into a function called encode_numerically(s) which takes the string input and converts it to a set of numbers which correspond to each letter of the alphabet. The main() function then passes the result of encode_numerically(s) and passes it through the binary_encode(a) which encodes the number input of encode_numerically(s) into binary. The main() function then shuffles the output of binary_encode() using the random library.
